Document paths from extensions to standardization (#28)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM-registries: README.md

If you are unsure if your proposed change is appropriate or are uncomfortable directly editing YAML files and making pull requests, submit an [issue](https://github.com/FamilySearch/GEDCOM-registries/issues) instead.

If you have questions or suggestions about this repository or its contents, please direct those to the main [GEDCOM Discussions page](https://github.com/FamilySearch/GEDCOM/discussions).

## Registering extensions

There are two types of extensions whose files appear in the same 'extension' subdirectories, allowing for
two paths for standardization of additions:

> * Vendor-specific: Extensions that are already used by a specific vendor, website, or application.

Author: ```suggestion
* Vendor-specific: Extensions that are already used by one or more specific vendors, websites, or applications.
```

  Such an extension is typically registered after it is already implemented and deployed.

> * Proposed for standardization: Extensions that are potentially of interest to multiple vendors, websites, and/or

Author: ```suggestion
* Community proposed: Extensions that are potentially of interest to multiple vendors, websites, and/or
```

If you are unsure if your proposed change is appropriate or are uncomfortable directly editing YAML files and making pull requests, submit an [issue](https://github.com/FamilySearch/GEDCOM-registries/issues) instead.

If you have questions or suggestions about this repository or its contents, please direct those to the main [GEDCOM Discussions page](https://github.com/FamilySearch/GEDCOM/discussions).

## Registering extensions

There are two types of extensions whose files appear in the same 'extension' subdirectories, allowing for
two paths for standardization of additions:

> * Vendor-specific: Extensions that are already used by a specific vendor, website, or application.  The filename

Author: ```suggestion
* Vendor-specific: Extensions that are already used by one or more specific vendors, websites, or applications.  The filename
```

> * Vendor-specific: Extensions that are already used by a specific vendor, website, or application.  The filename
>   of such a YAML file should include a unique vendor-specific prefix followed by the extension tag name.
>   Such an extension is typically registered after it is already implemented and deployed.

Author: ```suggestion
* Vendor-specific: Extensions that are already used by a specific vendor, website, or application.
  Such an extension is typically registered after it is already implemented and deployed.
```

>   Such an extensions is typically registered after it is already implemented and deployed.

Author: ```suggestion
  Such an extension is typically registered after it is already implemented and deployed.
```

* Proposed for standardization: Extensions that are potentially of interest to multiple vendors, websites, and/or

>   applications.  The filename of such a YAML file is simply the extension tag name.
>   Such an extension is typically registered before being implemented or deployed, as a result of discussion
>   in GitHub.

Author: ```suggestion
  applications.
  Such an extension is typically registered before being implemented or deployed, as a result of discussion
  in GitHub.
```
